README.md, before:

# Netflix-Bootcamp-Final-Project

### Team Members: Samantha, Thomas, Jessica

### About Project: 
For our final project, we analyzed the relationship between manga and anime. Anime is a film/television animation. Manga a style of comic book/novel. Usually a manga is written and then produced into an anime. What we are interested in discovering is the depth of the relationship between a manga and it's corresponding anime. 


### Questions we are interested in answering include:

1. How are Manga genres different from one another when compared to the Anime ratings?
   
2. Which animes will get renewed/discontinued based off of genre and the popularity trends of the manga series?

3. Does the length of the manga determine its succcess (ratings?) (how long is their anime?)?

### The Process
We analyzed two data sets from 2015, one with data from animes and one with manga information. We cleaned the Japanese novel datasets to only include information for strictly mangas (there were a variety of novel types within our dataset like one-shot, which are short stories). We only analyzed anime series that had a corresponding manga series and manga series that had an anime series which existed or was in the works. 

More on the datasets here: 

### About Organization of Notebooks: 
Each notebook has one question answered. 

### Responsbilities for Each Team Member:

Jessica: Collaborated on cleaning the data, preparing the question #3 file, 

Samantha:

Thomas:

Commit message:

4/26/2022 Changes to Readme and question 3 scatterplot

README.md, after:

# Netflix-Bootcamp-Final-Project

### Team Members: Samantha, Thomas, Jessica

### About Project: 
For our final project, we analyzed the relationship between manga and anime. Anime is a film/television animation. Manga a style of comic book/novel. Usually a manga is written and then produced into an anime. What we are interested in discovering is the depth of the relationship between a manga and it's corresponding anime. 


### Questions we are interested in answering include:

1. How are Manga genres different from one another when compared to the Anime ratings?
   
2. Which animes will get renewed/discontinued based off of genre and the popularity trends of the manga series?

3. Does the length of the manga determine its succcess (ratings?) (how long is their anime?)?

### The Process
We analyzed two data sets from 2015, one with data from animes and one with manga information. We cleaned the Japanese novel datasets to only include information for strictly mangas (there were a variety of novel types within our dataset like one-shot, which are short stories). We only analyzed anime series that had a corresponding manga series and manga series that had an anime series which existed or was in the works. 

More on the datasets here:
- Anime Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/CooperUnion/anime-recommendations-database
- Manga Dataset: https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/fatihoge/myanimelist-top-12k-manga

### About Organization of Notebooks: 
Each notebook has one question answered. There is an initial data cleaning file. All images are stored in the "images" folder. Copies of the datasets used as well as the cleaned final version is in the "CSV files" folder.

### Libraries Used
Matplotlib
Pandas
Plotly
Statsmodels.api

### Responsbilities for Each Team Member:

Jessica: Collaborated on preparing/cleaning the data in the data preparation and question #1 file, analyzed the final dataset to answer question #3 and question #3 file, cleaned the github repository, prepped the initial readme file

Samantha: Collaborated on preparing/cleaning the data in the data preparation and question #1 file, analyzed the final dataset to answer question #2, 

Thomas: Collaborated on preparing/cleaning the data in the data preparation and question #1 file, analyzed the final dataset to answer question #2

### Githubs

Jessica Camacho: https://github.com/jessicac818
Samantha Meza: https://github.com/samanthaameza
Thomas Ye: https://github.com/Stefin-MR
